Add basic UI instructions for configuring AbandonAuth from the new UI (#70)
AbandonTech/abandonauth: README.md

- Discord

# Using AbandonAuth

## Using AbandonAuth to Secure Your Application

1. Login to [AbandonAuth](https://auth.abandontech.cloud)
2. Create a Developer Application
   1. Navigate to `Developer Applications`
   2. Click `Create a new application`, then click `Create Application`
   3. Take note of/save your application token as it will never be visible again (you can reset it anytime)
3. Navigate back to `Developer Applications` and click on the recently created app's UUID to edit it then click `Edit Callback URIs`. The callback URI you specify is where AbandonAuth will redirect users after authenticating. It should be whichever address your server is using to finish handling the login process.  Some examples are as follows:

>    1. For local dev you could have something like this `"http://your_computers_local_ip:8001/login/abandonauth-callback"`

Reviewer: I'd recommend simplifying this to localhost/127.0.0.1 as it should work in this context.

```suggestion
   1. For local dev you could have something like this `"http://127.0.0.1:8001/login/abandonauth-callback"`
```

1. Login to [AbandonAuth](https://auth.abandontech.cloud)
2. Create a Developer Application
   1. Navigate to `Developer Applications`
   2. Click `Create a new application`, then click `Create Application`
   3. Take note of/save your application token as it will never be visible again (you can reset it anytime)

> 3. Navigate back to `Developer Applications` and click on the recently created app's UUID to edit it then click `Edit Callback URIs`. The callback URI you specify is where abandon auth will redirect users after authenticating. It should be whichever address your server is using to finish handling the login process.  Some examples are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate back to `Developer Applications` and click on the recently created app's UUID to edit it then click `Edit Callback URIs`. The callback URI you specify is where AbandonAuth will redirect users after authenticating. It should be whichever address your server is using to finish handling the login process.  Some examples are as follows:
```
